README.md, before:

# Ethereal Expressions

This project is to develop a website for the artist Adamma Anwen Lloyd, with the goal of showcasing her work and attracting potential clients or buyers. We aim to include a gallery page with high-quality images of her work, an about the artist page and a contact form for enquiries or purchases. 

As far as the user is concerned, they should be able to view Adamma's work and contact her for any commissions or purchases. This should be covered within our intended site.

In terms of design, there should be a cohesive colour scheme and set of styles across the whole site to reiterate the artist's brand. Site layout should enhance rather than impede the user experience to give a welcoming, intuitive feel. Finally, the site layout should be responsive to enable easy navigation on all devices.


_(am I responsive site image)_

## UX Design

- **Basic design ideas**



- **User Stories**



_(desktop wireframe images)_

_(mobile wireframe images)_

## Features



- **Navigation Bar**

Navigation is provided via a bootstrap navbar. CSS code has been added to underline menu items on hover and tint the navbar for each page. Font Awesome icons have been added to each menu item to add visual clues.


_(navbar image)_

- **The Footer**
The page footer is arranged in 2 rows. The first row contains social media links for the site and the second row contains links to the site team's GitHub pages.
The footer layout was created using CSS flex.  



_(footer image)_

- **Home Page**




_(home page image)_

- **About Page**




_(home page image)_

- **Gallery Page**




_(gallery page image)_

- **Contact Page**

The contact page is comprised of two parts. First, there is a contact form for users to get in touch with the artist. This give options to submit either a general enquiry, a purchase enquiry or to contact about a commission. 

The second part of the page deals with contact details for the artist giving a portrait photo, contact details and an embedded map showing her location.

This page was structured using bootstrap.



_(contact page image)_

## Testing



### Responsive Testing

- Alongside the built in Bootstrap responsive CSS, media queries were used throughout our own CSS to provide a consistent user experience. Chrome dev tools were used frequently to test the site at standard screen sizes and the sit4e was manually viewed on laptops, tablets and phones.


_(am I responsive image)_

### Validator Testing

- HTML

  - No errors were returned when passing through the official [W3C validator] _(link to validator report)_

  _(html validator image)_

- CSS
  - No errors were found when passing through the official [(Jigsaw) validator] _(link to validator report)_

_(css validator image)_

### Unfixed Bugs



## Deployment

- The site was deployed to GitHub pages from the main branch of the repository. This enables continuous deployment of the site when changes are made.

The live link can be found here - _(live link)_

## Credits

In this section you need to reference where you got your content, media and extra help from. It is common practice to use code from other repositories and tutorials, however, it is important to be very specific about these sources to avoid plagiarism.

You can break the credits section up into Content and Media, depending on what you have included in your project.

### Content

- The text for the Home page was taken from Wikipedia Article A
- Instructions on how to implement form validation on the Sign Up page was taken from [Specific YouTube Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/)
- The icons in the footer were taken from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
- The formatting of the form in the contact page drew upon [W3Schools'](https://www.w3schools.com/bootstrap/bootstrap_forms.asp) resources.

### Media

- The photos used on the home and sign up page are from This Open Source site
- The images used for the gallery page were taken from this other open source site

Commit message:

Added section on gallery page

README.md, after:

# Ethereal Expressions

This project is to develop a website for the artist Adamma Anwen Lloyd, with the goal of showcasing her work and attracting potential clients or buyers. We aim to include a gallery page with high-quality images of her work, an about the artist page and a contact form for enquiries or purchases. 

As far as the user is concerned, they should be able to view Adamma's work and contact her for any commissions or purchases. This should be covered within our intended site.

In terms of design, there should be a cohesive colour scheme and set of styles across the whole site to reiterate the artist's brand. Site layout should enhance rather than impede the user experience to give a welcoming, intuitive feel. Finally, the site layout should be responsive to enable easy navigation on all devices.


_(am I responsive site image)_

## UX Design

- **Basic design ideas**



- **User Stories**



_(desktop wireframe images)_

_(mobile wireframe images)_

## Features



- **Navigation Bar**

Navigation is provided via a bootstrap navbar. CSS code has been added to underline menu items on hover and tint the navbar for each page. Font Awesome icons have been added to each menu item to add visual clues.


_(navbar image)_

- **The Footer**
The page footer is arranged in 2 rows. The first row contains social media links for the site and the second row contains links to the site team's GitHub pages.
The footer layout was created using CSS flex.  



_(footer image)_

- **Home Page**




_(home page image)_

- **About Page**




_(home page image)_

- **Gallery Page**

The gallery page contains eight four-piece collections from the artist, displayed in a grid using Bootstrap CSS. The user can click on any of the pieces to see it full-size, and an on-hover shadow effect highlights image as the mouse passes over them.


_(gallery page image)_

- **Contact Page**

The contact page is comprised of two parts. First, there is a contact form for users to get in touch with the artist. This give options to submit either a general enquiry, a purchase enquiry or to contact about a commission. 

The second part of the page deals with contact details for the artist giving a portrait photo, contact details and an embedded map showing her location.

This page was structured using bootstrap.



_(contact page image)_

## Testing



### Responsive Testing

- Alongside the built in Bootstrap responsive CSS, media queries were used throughout our own CSS to provide a consistent user experience. Chrome dev tools were used frequently to test the site at standard screen sizes and the sit4e was manually viewed on laptops, tablets and phones.


_(am I responsive image)_

### Validator Testing

- HTML

  - No errors were returned when passing through the official [W3C validator] _(link to validator report)_

  _(html validator image)_

- CSS
  - No errors were found when passing through the official [(Jigsaw) validator] _(link to validator report)_

_(css validator image)_

### Unfixed Bugs



## Deployment

- The site was deployed to GitHub pages from the main branch of the repository. This enables continuous deployment of the site when changes are made.

The live link can be found here - _(live link)_

## Credits

In this section you need to reference where you got your content, media and extra help from. It is common practice to use code from other repositories and tutorials, however, it is important to be very specific about these sources to avoid plagiarism.

You can break the credits section up into Content and Media, depending on what you have included in your project.

### Content

- The text for the Home page was taken from Wikipedia Article A
- Instructions on how to implement form validation on the Sign Up page was taken from [Specific YouTube Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/)
- The icons in the footer were taken from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
- The formatting of the form in the contact page drew upon [W3Schools'](https://www.w3schools.com/bootstrap/bootstrap_forms.asp) resources.

### Media

- The photos used on the home and sign up page are from This Open Source site
- The images used for the gallery page were taken from this other open source site
